Update events in render methods of the bVirtualScroll (#678)
V4Fire/Client: CHANGELOG.md

_Note: Gaps between patch versions are faulty, broken or test releases._

## v3.15.4 (2021-01-24)

#### :rocket: New Feature

> * Added a new events `chunkRender:*` `base/b-virtual-scroll`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new events `chunkRender:*` `base/b-virtual-scroll`
```

> #### :boom: Breaking Change

Reviewer: Должно быть выше чем New Feature

> * `chunkRenderStart` is renamed and now will be emitted before the component driver render components `base/b-virtual-scroll`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The event`chunkRenderStart` is renamed to `chunkRender:renderStart` and now it emits before a component driver renders components `base/b-virtual-scroll`
```

_Note: Gaps between patch versions are faulty, broken or test releases._

## v3.15.4 (2021-01-24)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
